you're surrounded by the brilliant blue
waters of subida a small island near
Borneo
this protected coral reef is home to
over 3,000 species of fish and
considered one of the best dive sites in
the world
amongst them if you look closely you can
see a multicolored Eric Fischl to look
very closely you'll find yellow
butterfly fish and blue surgeon fish but
have you also spotted the clownfish at
home in there an enemy
as you move into the middle of the shoal
will notice that hidden amongst the fish
is a green turtle greenish color is
caused by sea grasses and algae that
make up their diet although this is only
a juvenile they're heart-shaped shell
called a carapace can reach one and a
half meters in size and those long
paddle light front Clippers guide them
powerfully and gracefully through the
water of their smaller kind Clippers
scare them just let the rudder of a boat
you might be surprised to know how close
you can get to this turtle but insipid
and green turtles are unafraid of people
allowing underwater cameraman Roger
mammals to capture these close-up images
you're now resting on turtle rock one of
the many areas exhibit out where turtles
come to be cleaned quite small fish it's
not uncommon to see multiple turtles at
sites like this here but what you're
seeing is incredibly special another
part of our blue planet turtles a much
more difficult time
but thanks to protected marine reserves
like this one into the dam then numbers
can flourish
if you've been lucky enough to swim with
a turtle we'd love to hear about it in
the comments below